README.md, before:

# Durham Mutual Aid

### What do you need?    
- Hotline: (919) 886-5334
- [Find your block coordinator](https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/6/viewer?ll=36.00344142519591%2C-78.92092485&z=13&mid=1gP0wIxVpytj1V7N4JK-xG8O43rQnpm4y)

### What can you offer?    
- [Become an organizer](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfv31IL5Z0drfou4PzIj-GJidGXmKNw12JrXeoqIxTqNp8zPg/viewform)

## About Us
We are a group of neighbors that are organizing to share resources.

## [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/durhammutualaid/?multi_permalinks=142510123849515&notif_id=1585230408132059&notif_t=group_highlights)

## Neighborhoods
- West end : contact info

## Resources

### [CORONAVIRUS RESOURCE KIT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Rcan4C_e6OBFBI5bUn7MtYK74Ab-WarxyJmDvZUI_YA/preview)

### [Mutual Aid Map](https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/6/viewer?ll=36.00344142519591%2C-78.92092485&z=13&mid=1gP0wIxVpytj1V7N4JK-xG8O43rQnpm4y)

### [CEF Covid19 Resource Sheet Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1oASQ_jeqC578BvcTtRLv7mj59TVJlR3Mx1LSTXaNpr0/edit?ts=5e729f53#gid=1080129231)

### [Durham Mutual Aid Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=198-qqcBiat_jqHJP0CWmpfb6PZLPbZs4)

Commit message:

Move about info to top and add neighborhoods contact info

README.md, after:

# Durham Mutual Aid
 We are a group of neighbors organizing to provide mutual aid to Durham in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic.

## Get Support
- Hotline: (919) 886-5334
- [Find your block coordinator](https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/6/viewer?ll=36.00344142519591%2C-78.92092485&z=13&mid=1gP0wIxVpytj1V7N4JK-xG8O43rQnpm4y)

## Get Involved   
- [Become an organizer](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfv31IL5Z0drfou4PzIj-GJidGXmKNw12JrXeoqIxTqNp8zPg/viewform)

## Neighborhoods
Find contact information for organizing efforts in your neighborhood on the [mutual aid map](https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/viewer?ll=36.0053002711679%2C-78.9187795762241&z=13&mid=1gP0wIxVpytj1V7N4JK-xG8O43rQnpm4y).

- Burch Ave
- Duke Park
- Lakewood
- Long Meadow
- Northgate Park
- Old North Durham
- Old West
- Thompson Ridge
- Trinity Park
- Walltown
- Watts-Hillandale
- West End

## Resources
- [Coronavirus Resource Kit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Rcan4C_e6OBFBI5bUn7MtYK74Ab-WarxyJmDvZUI_YA/preview)

- [Mutual Aid Map](https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/6/viewer?ll=36.00344142519591%2C-78.92092485&z=13&mid=1gP0wIxVpytj1V7N4JK-xG8O43rQnpm4y)

- [Covid-19 Resource Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1oASQ_jeqC578BvcTtRLv7mj59TVJlR3Mx1LSTXaNpr0/edit?ts=5e729f53#gid=1080129231)

- [Durham Mutual Aid Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=198-qqcBiat_jqHJP0CWmpfb6PZLPbZs4)

- [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/durhammutualaid/?multi_permalinks=142510123849515&notif_id=1585230408132059&notif_t=group_highlights)
